README.md, before:

# Plant Witch Frontend
This is the readme for the Plant Witch Frontend <br>

### Meeting Times:

* **Daily Standup w/ Adrian:** 3:00 pm PST
* **Mon/Wed/Thurs:** 9:00 pm PST
* **Sunday:** 10:00 am PST
## Resources:
Share React/AI Frontend resources here!

## Dependencies:
Dependencies can be installed by running `npm install`. Please let the team know if you've added new dependencies so that we can install them once your updates are merged! ' v  '

## Milestone Tracking:
### TODO:
- ~~Build Front-End Repo~~
- ~~Build out User's Dashboard~~
  - Header Component
    - AI text field form
      - Display logic or chatbot for handling AI responses
  - ~~My Plants Component~~
    - ~~incl button for posting new plant records~~
  - ~~New Plant Form Component~~
  - ~~Plant Component~~
- ~~Build Folder structure~~

### June:

- ~~Build Front-End Repo~~
- ~~Build Set Active User Functionality~~
- ~~Build out User's Dashboard~~
  - ~~Plants Board Component~~
  - ~~Plant Component~~
- ~~Build Folder structure~~
- Update Watering and Repotting logic
- Basic CSS Styling
  - App
  - PlantBoard
  - Plant
  - Dropdown
  - Header
  - NewPlantForm
  - AIWitch

### Diana:
- Header Component
  - AI text field form
- Finished CSS Styling
  - AIWitch

### Natasha:

- ~~New Plant Form Component~~

Commit message:

implemented plant watering/repotting CSS and built logic for displaying contextual CSS styling

README.md, after:

# Plant Witch Frontend
This is the readme for the Plant Witch Frontend <br>

### Meeting Times:

* **Daily Standup w/ Adrian:** 3:00 pm PST
* **Mon/Wed/Thurs:** 9:00 pm PST
* **Sunday:** 10:00 am PST
## Resources:
Share React/AI Frontend resources here!

## Dependencies:
Dependencies can be installed by running `npm install`. Please let the team know if you've added new dependencies so that we can install them once your updates are merged! ' v  '

## Milestone Tracking:
### TODO:
- ~~Build Front-End Repo~~
- ~~Build out User's Dashboard~~
  - Header Component
    - AI text field form
      - Display logic or chatbot for handling AI responses
  - ~~My Plants Component~~
    - ~~incl button for posting new plant records~~
  - ~~New Plant Form Component~~
  - ~~Plant Component~~
- ~~Build Folder structure~~

### June:

- ~~Build Front-End Repo~~
- ~~Build Set Active User Functionality~~
- ~~Build out User's Dashboard~~
  - ~~Plants Board Component~~
  - ~~Plant Component~~
- ~~Build Folder structure~~
- ~~Update Watering and Repotting logic~~
- Basic CSS Styling
  - App
  - PlantBoard
  - Plant
  - Dropdown
  - Header
  - AIWitch
- Move schedule calculation to the frontend
- Update watering/repotting should update the plant component in the components variable

### Diana:
- ~~Header Component~~
  - AI text field form
- Finished CSS Styling
  - AIWitch
- Working on building the docker container for deployment of backend

### Natasha:

- ~~New Plant Form Component~~
- CSS Styling:
  - NewPlantForm
- Finish Modal component
